bathroom: bathroom
shower: bathroom
jacuzzi/indoor: bathroom
sauna: bathroom
bedroom: bedroom
bedchamber: bedroom
dorm_room: bedroom
hotel_room: bedroom
childs_room: bedroom
dining_room: dining_room
dining_hall: dining_room
banquet_hall: dining_room
restaurant: dining_room
cafeteria: dining_room
garage/indoor: garage
garage/outdoor: garage
parking_garage/indoor: garage
parking_garage/outdoor: garage
car_interior: garage
entrance_hall: hall
lobby: hall
corridor: hall
mezzanine: hall
kitchen: kitchen
restaurant_kitchen: kitchen
home_office: office
pantry: kitchen
food_court: kitchen
laundry_room: laundry_room
laundromat: laundry_room
utility_room: laundry_room
basement: laundry_room
storage_room: laundry_room
living_room: living_room
home_theater: living_room
television_room: living_room
playroom: rec_room
recreation_room: rec_room
office: office
office_cubicles: office
conference_room: office
computer_room: office
amusement_arcade: rec_room
gymnasium/indoor: rec_room
arcade: rec_room
